Profile Summary:
I am programming enthusiast with expertise in multiple front-end technology in Web and Mobile.
Having 6-year IT experience in Android App development (4 year) and ReactJs (2 year). Proficient in writing code in 
multiple language, deep understanding of object oriented programming and design patterns. Out of the box thinker and quick learner.

Core Competencies:
Web development:		ReactJs, JavaScript, JQury, bootstrap
Android development:	Android, Android Studio, Gradle, multi-screen support, xml layout, multi-threading 
Tools/Technique:		Restful, SOAP, Json, XML, Unit testing, HPQC, GIT, Eclipse, Atom editor, selenium.
personal:				Team player, Quick learner, self-motivated.

Work Experience: 
Senior software Engineer
Accenture Technologies : December 2015 to Present (2+ Year)
End to end design, development and defect fixing of UI components in REACT JS for each Epic 
Alignment with PO, Requirement gathering and tasking out in each sprint for UI parts
Development of an web application to find best subsidies available for given user depending on inputs
Development of online portal for security and stock trading with MIFID compliance 
Alignment with backend developer for designing of web services
Alignment with QC for maintaining proper DOM structure for selenium scripts.
Development of reusable React component which can be used by multiple team
Alignment with offshore team and keeping them in synch with onshore counterpart.
Implementation, delivery and defect fixing of features in each sprint 
Saved lot of manual effort and time by developing a UI tool to smartly analyze Selenium test report.
Enhanced the existing UI framework to adapt it with selenium script.
Build many Reusable UI component to reused by other teams
Get additional business through client with presenting creative ideas.

Senior Software Engineer
Zensar Technologies: January 2014 to December 2015 (2 year)
Delivery of android application from design, development to deployment 
Developed and application that can connect the employees of RPG organization, where they can chat and search each other.
Enhancement in the insurance claim minimization application for one of the client
Implementation, delivery and defect fixing of features in each sprint 
Achievements: 
Build an application in tight deadline with client satisfaction.


Software Engineer
Cuelogic Technologies: May 2012 to January 2014 (2 year)
Responsible for application lifecycle management from design to deployment of android apps.
Alignment with Back-end developers for implementation of web services.
Application UI design and adaptation for different screen size.
Development and deployment of android application for an university that can connect teacher, student and nearby landlords.
Development of Gift card application which can help user to send different gift cards (from amazon, bestbuy etc.) to their friends
Development of security application which can help user to send SOS via voice command on emergency.
Achievements:
Build and android library for internal company use to expedite the android application development with existing PHP framework.
Provided guidance to start large scale android application development and successfully deliver more than 10 app in one year


Software Engineer
Adisoftech: May 2011 to April 2012
Responsible for application lifecycle management from design to deployment of android apps.
Development of web application with PHP, jQuery and JavaScript.
Development of android application to book the cab through android app
Development of android application for language learning through predefined courses and sentences.
design and development of multiple PHP projects.
Achievements:
Started android application development in the company first time with my own responsibility from learning android till delivery to client.










