There is hell lot of buzz going aroud support-libs in android and god forgives us for confusions between this two library
	com.android.support:  support-v4    :<Version>
	com.android.support:  appcompat-v7  :<Version>
	
	First thing 
	v4 - up to Android API4 1.6+ only
	v7 - up to Android API7 2.1+ only
	
	Basic responsibility of support library :
		You know android is keep evolving, each new android updates brings with him large set of new features, classes, Methods.
		But what will happen to earlier versions of android how can a feature given in   lolipop  will support in  Eclairs  .
		Here comes support library.
		
		Support library provides new features on android in older versions of android.
		But There is a limitation :
			You can not provide all new features in older version, bcoz there is lot of matrixes to fill.
			So each support library provide support up to some API leval only
			Ex.
			com.android.support:support-v4:<Version>:
						This library provide support till API4, means you can us this library with Android 1.6 and higher. It cannot give support to API3.
			com.android.support:appcompat-v7:<Version>
						This library provide support till API7, means you can us this library with Android 2.1 and higher. It cannot give support to API3.
						
v4 : 
	This library is most comprehensive library in support framework and provide support for oldest APIS. and also contains largest set of classes.
	It gives majorly following functionality to older versions
		Fragment
		NotificationCompact
		ViewPager
	When you use this library do use proper imports.
	
v7 :
	This second most useful one.
	but it gives support till API7+, Android 2.1+. It cannot be used with api6.
	It gives majorly following functionality to older versions
	ActionBar
	etc.
		VIMP: in background v7.ActionBarActivity extends v4.FragmentActivity
	V7 library is built over the v4 library, so if you are using v7 than you must also include v4 in you library.
	

Include library by gradle	

First open sdk >> Extra >> install 'Android Support Repository'
It will download all support framwork like :
	v4, v7, v13, v17
for v4 : 
	dependencies {
		compile 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:21.0.0'
	 }
for v7 : 
	dependencies {
		compile 'com.android.support:appcompat-v7:21.0.0'
		compile 'com.android.support:support-v4:22.0.0'
	 }
	 
	 
If you are including the v4 support libraries in your application, you should specify a minimum SDK version of "4"
If you are including the v4 support and v7 appcompat libraries in your application, you should specify a minimum SDK version of "7" 
	 
	
		
	
	
						
						
		